`CodeBlock`: Fix line wrapping so overflowing strings wrap (#1798)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/wicked-items-guess.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> `CodeBlock`: Fixed lineWrapping to make long strings wrap when they overflow the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CodeBlock` - Fixed `@hasLineWrapping` style to make long strings wrap when they overflow the container
```

> `CodeBlock`: Fixed lineWrapping to make long strings wrap when they overflow the container

Reviewer 2: We seem to be preferring [the dash notation](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/blob/main/wiki/Website-Changelog.md)
```suggestion
`CodeBlock`- Fixed `lineWrapping` to make long strings wrap when they overflow the container
```
